<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<task id="batcleaning" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Cleaning your fruit bat</title>
<shortdesc>Ensure your bat stays clean and healthy.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that you have a supply of <b>ACME Bat Shampoo</b> on
hand.</prereq>
<context>Fruit bats are as fastidious about cleanliness as is a house
cat. But sometimes your bat will need a bath, just as a house cat
occasionally does.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Start filling your bathtub with warm water.</cmd><info>Ensure
the temperature is 32 degrees Celsius (83 Fahrenheit).</info></step>
<step><cmd>Use your <b>ACME Bat Catcher</b> to locate and apprehend
your bat.</cmd><info>You can also use a tennis racquet or a hammock
made with thick string (not rope!). Your results may be less than
satisfactory; you may break a few table lamps or vases.</info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Grasp the bat-catcher by the handle.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Extend the Gentle-Touch netting</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Wait for the bat to fly by, and snatch it out of the
air.</cmd><info>If your spouse is laughing hysterically at this point,
be patient; you probably do look a little silly.</info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>If your tub has overflowed, you have some choices:</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chhead>
<choptionhd>If you...</choptionhd>
<chdeschd>Then please...</chdeschd></chhead>
<chrow>
<choption>Want to clean up now?</choption>
<chdesc>Go find a mop and bucket. Clean up the mess.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Want to wait until after the bat's bath?</choption>
<chdesc>Just turn off the water and clean up later. No doubt more
water will get on the floor in the next several steps.</chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Gently introduce your bat to the water.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Wash your bat, being careful not to get water in its ears.</cmd>
<info>Use the shampoo sparingly. Remember to lather, rinse, and repeat.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Dry your bat with a towel and hair dryer.</cmd><info>Having
a wet bat flying around your house, probably squeaking and mad at
this point, can often be an unpleasant experience. The <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="IBM Speech to Speech Translator">IBM Speech to Speech Translator</tm> will
help you understand what your bat is squeaking.</info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
