<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Task//EN"
 "ibm-task.dtd">
<task id="batfeeding" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Feeding your bat</title>
<shortdesc>This topic describes how you can feed your new bat!</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Find and open the package of <cite>Purina Bat Chow</cite> that
is enclosed in your bat box.</prereq>
<context>Feeding your bat can be a wonderful experience. Involve the
whole family so they can all share in the fun!</context>
<steps>
<stepsection>Do the following steps to feed your bat:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Let your bat free-fly through the air.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Toss the bat chow into the air.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To properly toss the bat chow, an underhand toss is recommended.
This yields the highest possible altitude; thus giving your bat the
best exercise while honing its echo-location skills.</choice>
<choice>Overhand tosses are good for <q>line-drives</q>; when you
want to watch your bat fly its fastest. Make sure that you get a good
arc (at least 10 feet high), so your bat has a chance of catching
the chow. While you can use the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="1-2-3">1-2-3</tm> program
to determine the optimal flight angle for the bat chow, the Bat <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="1350">1350</tm> is recommended system. <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="SoDA">SoDA</tm> is a special drink for your
bat, helping it to fly faster and higher.<p>Bats, when frustrated,
click and squeak incessantly. Use the <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="IBM Speech to Speech Translator">IBM Speech to Speech Translator</tm> to
understand the squeaks.</p></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step id="watch"><cmd>Watch in delight as your bat homes in on the
tossed food, catching it in mid-air.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>Bats also like all sorts of bugs and insects. You can also
use fruit. But ensure that the fruit is bat-bite-sized. We once saw
a giant fruit bat try to catch a pineapple in mid-air; it was not
a pretty sight.</result>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1241557124 5?>
</task>
